So let's go ahead and start putting together the structure here, so we're going to start with the icon
first and then this star and the rating.
OK, so all of that's going to be, of course, inside of our column here.
So first of all, for our column, I'm going to change a few things here.
So I'm going to say.
How did my fire?
And I want the padding, the top padding.
To be about twenty five deep and then vertical arrangement, I want us to be center and horizontal arrangement.
I want center horizontally like this.
And now inside here, that's where I'm going to add the icon this heart first.
So let's go ahead and say icon going to use the image factor.
When to use our icons.
Just use default.
Well rounded.
That's fine.
And where he used a favorite border like this.
And of course, we need to pass a description.
They've icon
and passing modifiers to just modify a few things here and say, mighty fire, just keep it padding
bottom padding that is of about one dpi.
OK, pretty good.
So now if you look at our code, you can see we have that very nice.
Heart there next to let's go ahead and create and look at this structure here.
It's going to be its own structure per se.
That means this is going to be right after a hurricane.
I'm going to call book rating, which is going to expect a score of, let's say, three that five to
begin with.
And let's go ahead and create this composable.
There we go.
So I'm just going to have 4.5 as a default and in our book rating here, what we want to do.
First of all, we're going to create a surface like that and add a modifier
height in this case of about 70
and padding overall padding about four dpi.
And let's go ahead and add a a shape, right?
Because we want a shape like this and let's get rid of that.
You can see the exact shape there.
So rounded corners shape and I'm going to give a fifty six dpi percentage so really well rounded as
you see there.
OK.
I'm going to give an elevation of about six deep and the civic color, they color dark white.
So if you look at this, you'll see that indeed, we have two items inside.
We have to star and then they sort out zero or in this case, the rating.
So let's create a column pass a modifier again.
Overall pattern of buy for deep, and that should be OK for now, and we're going to pass an icon again.
And it's going to be icons.
I say default.
Let's say field if you want.
Doesn't matter really when I say star.
And how about.
Start a border like this one night and I can say start for a content description.
Let's pass in modifier internally.
Let's keep the padding of about three deep.
And then we're going to add a text right below it, which is going to be our scores going to this score
that to string like that.
This style it a little bit using material theme.
And typography subtitle one like this.
All right, let's go and split.
It's refresh real quick.
And just like that, you see, we have this nice structure there.
It looks really good.
I love it.
OK.
So it is indeed working.
So it looks pretty much something like this.
That's really good.
All right.
OK, so what's next?
Well, next, we need to look at this section here.
Where are we going to have the title of the book?
And, of course, potential writers.
So very simply, let's go back to code where we call.
So now we're back into our card.
OK.
So after a book reading, we've added that and outside of our role because it has to be still inside
of a column, right?
So this is.
There were no or we have to book and the structure now we're going to go outside still in this column
and create yet this structure there.
So let's see, that's our role outside of that role.
I want to create a text.
This is going to say book title.
Passing modifier.
Overall padding.
Let's say font weight.
And I want this to be bold.
Max lines, I want this to be at least two lines, OK, because the book title could be long and overflow.
I'm going to add an overflow here because we don't have a lot because we don't have a lot of space,
something I just see text overflow ellipses.
I see ellipses like this so we can have something like dot dot if the text is too long.
OK.
That's should be good.
And then let's create another text.
And this one is going to be authors like this.
And are you going to say modifier?
Of course.
Padding by four deep and give it a style material theme.
Let's go back.
Typography, and I'm going to make it caption, OK.
All right, good.
Let's take a look.
Very nice, so there it is.
We have the book title goes here and authors will go here.
Very good.
So making good progress.
All right.
So the next thing we need to do is to create this nice structure there.
Right.
So it's really nice.
So it looks like it's a rounded corners shape there and it's going to be on top of our main structure.
Main card OK, so we're going to do that in the next video.